they laughing in this fight one guy to
come all down with his bare hands
he's still in there turn around mr. you
see hands slowly aggravated assault is a
felony in this state mr. Reacher
processed him and get him to County
two things are gonna happen in the next
90 seconds excuse me
first that phone over there it's gonna
ring second you're gonna be wearing
these cuffs on your way to prison well
that is one magnificent prophesying mr.
Reacher just gonna keep on ringing when
you coming to DC I move around a lot
you're a legend folks wonder why you
left Purple Heart Silver Star there's
this big dent and the dust people say
you made it with someone's headed Jack
Reacher from agent Turner major Turner
has been arrested on what charge
espionage keep incentive how much does
Regent know how's it going I don't like
being followed you think you're
invulnerable that's right
maybe I rip your arm off beat you to
death with it I'm sorry
feature here Julia
my men were shot by one of our own this
is bigger than I imagined you ever lose
anyone on your watch Reacher
you're a dead man
you think you're above the law
but I'm not the law so you should start
running because I'm gonna start hunting
and when I find you I'm gonna kill you
all
it's a haircut oh you guys go to the
same barber